Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Recently, there's a band which is recruiting new members is becoming the trend
Do you know about it?
Right! The band is called Yuzu
It seems like they are recruiting members to perform a support song together with them...
For the 2018 winter Olympics and Paralympics
And! They will be recruiting...
2018 people!
I can do this! This is a big chance!
If I become a new member of Yuzu, I can connect with a lot of people, right?
So, for today’s video...
I’m going to apply to become a member of Yuzu!
Without further ado, let's get started!
Alright, after viewing the recruitment site...
If you upload a performance showing your passion on YouTube or sites like that...
You will have a higher chance to be elected!
This is my chance!
So, for a performance that appeals my passion...
I am going to dance the song "Tatta” (Only) from Yuzu!
♪ We only live this life once ♪
(tatta ichido kiri no jinsei)
♪ Just crying is useless ♪
(naite bakari icha dame da)
♪ Though we try to take a peek here and there ♪
(acchi kocchi nozoite mitatte)
♪ Though we try to compare ourselves with others ♪
(dareka to kurabete mitatte)
♪ Let's stand up again and start walking without saying we'll disappear ♪
(inaku naru nante iwanaide tatte mata arukidasou ze)
♪ Someday, in order to cut the goal tape ♪
(daremo tadori tsuita koto nai)
♪ That no one has ever reached ♪
(gooru teepu o itsuka kiru tame ni)
♪ Ready, go! ♪
(yooi don)
So... how was that?
That performance showed my great passion, right?
With this video, I am going to apply for it now!
Address...
Contact method...
Huh?
"Only for people who currently are living in Japan"...
What should I do…? I'm not a human...
Well, let's just forget this now...
Wait a second...
"Minors require parental consent"
Parents?
Who are they, I wonder?...
Translated by ロリコ